hello there my name's Stuart I'm at Sela
pleasure in Shrewsbury what we're
looking at today is a swift Challenger
530 it's a 2006 model it's a full berth
end washroom at the front we have the
gas bottles which will store do take two
large gas bottles in the locker with a
AKS stabilizer fitted as standard on the
near side is an external gas BBQ point
and a wet locker which houses a 240 volt
socket there is a spare wheel fitted to
the vehicle it's just behind the axle in
the centre there so let's go and have a
look as you can see full birth end
washroom layout with eye level storage
all the way around with nice hardwood
locker doors up on the roof is a large
Hecky roof light and coming back
slightly is what they call an omelette
which is a reversible fan cheap air
conditioning the front bunks are large
enough to has two single beds or it will
convert into a large double the fabric
is very nice neutral with a nice suede
feel on the top the side dinette will
double up as two single bunks the top
bunk will take 11 stone and can be
separated off by a curtain across the
way is the galley area in the galley you
have it you see you have detachable
drainer which will take away and give
you much more room much more work
surface also has a chopping board below
there is your three-way fridge so it'll
run of gas 12 volts and 240 volts
situated next to it is the cooker
another cooker under the safety glass is
three gas burners and one electric hot
plate at the back of the vehicle is a
separate washroom this will all closed
off to give you privacy there's a large
cylindrical shower which will run off
hot and cold water an electric flush
cassette toilet hand basin with a large
family size wardrobe so again this room
will develop as an honest dressing room
as well as just your washroom as I said
the vehicle is a 2006 but as you can see
it's in immaculate condition will be a
good family van